TINY-8568: Fix incorrect copying of colgroup table with colspans/rowspans (#7696)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Fixed the dev ZIP missing the required `bin` scripts to build from the source #TINY-8542
- Fixed a regression whereby text patterns couldn't be updated at runtime #TINY-8540

> - Fixed an issue where colgroup tables could be copied incorrectly in some cases #TINY-8568

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where tables with colgroups could be copied incorrectly in some cases #TINY-8568
```
